{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 WTF is MetaGame\'a0?\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MetaGame is an antidote to apathy, an experiment in alternative societies, an MMO-RPG (Massively Multiplayer Online-Role Playing Game) except with real money, well with as real-o-money as any money is real 
\f2 \uc0\u55358 \u56593 
\f1 . \
\
In actuality MetaGame is a DAO looking for solutions. We try not to think too much about who is responsible for the mess we find ourselves in because when you zoom far enough out it's easy to see that no one group or one industry is creating the issues we face globally. It may simply be that local people focusing on local needs is not the best outcome for the global population. Instead we are choosing to build something that forges a new path into uncharted territory, with untested mechanisms, and a high risk of failure. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why are we doing it\'a0?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 We are doing it because we are woke: to the reality of living systems, to the fragility of the ecosystem, to the beauty and simplicity of life on earth, And we want to see things continue to stay beautiful and alive.\'a0 We are building MetaGame because we care, because we can, because we refuse to believe in fairy tales, and we no longer assume others will do something before it's too late.\'a0 We are motivated to find solutions that scale the commons, in the same way that bees are motivated to protect and expand the colony, because there's something inside of each of us that says "it's up to you", we are invested in solutions that go beyond our local or regional borders, we don't care about the status quo, we don't care about politics, we have no interests to protect, we're doing it because what greater game can one play than the game of life.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Who are we\'a0?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 We are a swarm of hackers, thinkers, idealists, dreamers, visionaries and crackpots from all corners of the globe. We are listeners who hear the message being shouted from rooftops all around the world, we are seers who envision a better future for ourselves and the generations to come, we are doers who jump into a project asked or not and find ways to be helpful, we are advocates of open-source technology, we are humans who believe in the power of collaboration and it's ability to unite us in discussion, shared responsibilities and shared rewards, we are the next iteration in the traits of humanity.\'a0
\f0\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0
\cf2 How is it being\'a0done?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 Technology is the way and the life, without technology humans are unable to be as connected as they need to solve massive issues. Using new languages of code and computer programs we are able to hard wire our individual incentives to match the global incentives of a connected community.
\f0\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What makes this different than all the others\'a0?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 Open source, DAO's and non-entities. Structures such as these have never before existed in the human realm, we are ready to integrate and collaborate with all of our competition and share the findings of our research to create something greater than the sum of its parts. Everything we are doing is a first, with new tools and new minds. We believe this will result in learning that raises our understanding of what is possible to new heights.\'a0
\f0\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Where do we start\'a0?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf2 Start right now, wherever you are, by asking some questions on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/metafam"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Twitter}}, by accepting a quest on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discord.gg/4kgBbs"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Discord}}, or by falling into the rabbit hole on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://metagame.substack.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Substack}} and seeing where you end up 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56691 \u55357 \u56327 
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}